You're a smart guy tonight.
I believe you will make a very suitable choice.
If not
I will teach you the mystery of the Nine.
Yoo Yoo really considers himself an emperor.
Do you have that power? Isn't it just a suit?
He has an opinion on him.
You want to die.
I'm scared.
Here, I'll crush your woman as I please.
I want to squeeze him round.
If you want to crush him, crush him.
How do you know death now?
So how do you get on your knees and apologize and I'll consider forgiving you?
I didn't say it well, did I?
If not
I'll show it to you for free.
No plot charges
Don't be afraid.
If you're scared, get on your knees.
Okay.
Xia Color
Come on.
Aren't you crazy?
Let me see one more.
Save Be
You remember one day
I will make you live and not die.
The story comes now
This mouth is so hard.
You broke his leg for me.
I'll see if his other mouth can still be that hard.